Required Arguments
ami_name: The name of the resulting AMI.
instance_type: The type of instance to launch.
region: The region in which to launch the instance.
source_ami: The source AMI to use as a base image.
Optional Arguments
access_key: The access key used for AWS API authentication.
ami_block_device_mappings: Custom block device mappings for the AMI.
ami_description: A description of the AMI.
ami_groups: A list of groups to make the AMI public to.
ami_product_codes: Product codes to associate with the AMI.
ami_regions: Additional regions to copy the AMI to.
ami_users: A list of account IDs to make the AMI private to.
associate_public_ip_address: Associate a public IP address with the instance.
availability_zone: The availability zone to launch the instance in.
billing_product_codes: Product codes to associate with the instance.
enhanced_networking: Enable enhanced networking for the instance.
iam_instance_profile: An IAM instance profile to associate with the instance.
launch_block_device_mappings: Custom block device mappings for the instance.
run_tags: Tags to apply to the instance when it is launched.
security_group_ids: The IDs of the security groups to associate with the instance.
source_ami_filter: Filters to use when searching for a source AMI.
spot_price: The maximum price to pay for a Spot instance.
ssh_keypair_name: The key pair name to use for SSH access.
ssh_private_ip: Use the instance's private IP for SSH access.
ssh_timeout: The timeout for SSH connections.
ssh_username: The username to use for SSH connections.
subnet_id: The ID of the subnet to launch the instance in.
tags: Tags to apply to the resulting AMI.
temporary_key_pair_name: The name of the temporary key pair to create.
tenancy: The tenancy option for the instance (default, dedicated, or host).
token: The session token used for AWS API authentication.
user_data: User data to provide when launching the instance.
vpc_id: The ID of the VPC to launch the instance in.